DO NOT MERGE: feat: Technical review: @scope documentation (#30132)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/specificity/index.md

}
```

### How `@scope` blocks affect specificity

Including a ruleset inside a `@scope` block does not affect the specificity of its selector, regardless of the selectors used inside the scope root and limit.

> 

Reviewer: I would add an example here:

```suggestion

```css
@scope (.article-body) {
  /* img has a specificity of 0-0-1 */
  img { ... }
}
```

```

Author: added

}
```

### How @scope blocks affect specificity

> Including a ruleset inside a [`@scope`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@scope) block does not directly affect the specificity of its selector, regardless of the selectors used inside the scope root and limit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Including a ruleset inside a {{CSSxRef("@scope")}} block does not directly affect the specificity of its selector, regardless of the selectors used inside the scope root and limit.
```
